All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
Let's face it: our lives are miserable, laborious, and short.
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing.
Whatever goes upon two legs is an enemy.
Whatever goes upon four legs, or has wings, is a friend.
No animal shall wear clothes.
No animal shall sleep in a bed.
No animal shall drink alcohol.
Thou shalt not take the name of Dom in vain. When you take it, be sure you make good use of it.
No animal shall kill any other animal.
All animals are equal.
Is there a report you want Vinay to automate?
Dileep, someone's looking for you. There's a Bat-Signal up in the sky!
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy.
There is no instance of a nation benefiting from prolonged warfare.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
Welcome to P.O.R.K.
V. for Vindaloo.
Bacon Begins.
Nanananananananananana Batman!
Someone get Shwetha a box of chocolates.
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
It is even better to act quickly and err than to hesitate until the time of action is past.
Courage, above all things, is the first quality of a warrior.
I'm going to tell you a secret. I'm alive, man.
Never forget that no military leader has ever become great without audacity.
Principles and rules are intended to provide a thinking man with a frame of reference.
The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
Everything in war is very simple. But the simplest thing is difficult.
Adrian, how long have you been seeing Ketki now?
Politics is the womb in which war develops.
A conqueror is always a lover of peace.
War is not an exercise of the will directed at an inanimate matter.
War is the province of danger.
He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
Big Brother is Watching You.
It's a beautiful thing, the destruction of words.
Saloni, Bhabhi-jaan, Amung says hi!
In the face of pain there are no heroes.
Dude, your TL knows that you didn't upload your articles yet.
We do not merely destroy our enemies; we change them.
Sanity is not statistical.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
Never, never, never give up.
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
The first draft of anything is shit.
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
Every day is a new day. It is better to be lucky. But I would rather be exact. Then when luck comes you are ready.
It's review time! That means it's time to review whether or not we've written all the articles.
It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
Never confuse movement with action.
As a writer, you should not judge, you should understand.
Content, unite!
There's no one thing that's true. It's all true.
A cat has absolute emotional honesty: human beings, for one reason or another, may hide their feelings, but a cat does not.
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titlandus.
Can I be your friend?
Hello, how are you today?
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
I will not say, do not weep, for not all tears are an evil.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Psst. Booger alert.
A single dream is more powerful than a thousand realities.
The Road goes ever on and on, Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Little by little, one travels far.
When the Jews started their entire stoning people to death gig, they were misinterpreting the Holy Word. Ask Varkey. He knows what I mean.
Flipkart was built, not by bricks, but by books. These walls scream about books and how literature helped this company.
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
The Wheel of Time turns, and Ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again.
Death is lighter than a feather, but Duty is heavier than a mountain.
Better to have one woman on your side than ten men.
Run when you have to, fight when you must, rest when you can.
Someone get me a charger!
The fact that the price must be paid is proof it is worth paying.
The wheel weaves as the wheel wills.
Time to roll the dice.
Jump, and you will find out how to unfold your wings as you fall.
Amit, make some hash browns!
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
I discovered me in the library. I went to find me in the library.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you.
Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't try to do things. You simply must do things.
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.
If you dream the proper dreams, and share the myths with people, they will want to grow up to be like you.
We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
Give your addresses to Manasa if you want awesome postcards. They're lovely.
Fun is good.
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
Shwetha, *giggle*.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
Every book you pick up has its own lesson or lessons, and quite often the bad books have more to teach than the good ones.
You cannot hope to sweep someone else away by the force of your writing until it has been done to you.
If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
You have to stay faithful to what you're working on.
When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'
If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot. There's no way around these two things that I'm aware of, no shortcut.
Omit needless words.
Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are, the more you're forced back on your own imagination.
Shalini, you just missed the chaiwala.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.
Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of a job: it's always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins.
This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.
You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime.
I lived in books more than I lived anywhere else.
That which is dreamed can never be lost, can never be undreamed.
Books were safer than other people anyway.
How would you feel about life if Death was your older sister?
Amung, it's time now.
Luke, I am your father.
It's so cold, but that's the best weather to launch rockets.
Because I'm Batman.
The cake is a lie.
There is no spoon.
There are two cows.
Live long and prosper.
Did someone say Food? Feed Vinay!
42.
Do. Or do not. There is no try.
So you're in a team of writers? Do you guys read?
You cannot pass!
Not all those who wander are lost.
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not.
Truly wonderful, the mind of a child is.
That is why you fail.
Flash alert!
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defence, never for attack.
Use the Force.
Adventure. Excitement. A Jedi craves not these things.
Judge me by my size, do you?
Fear is the path to the dark side, fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
Join us, or die.
Wars not make one great.
Luminous beings are we…not this crude matter.
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish.
All's well that ends better.
OINK and all related tools were created by Vinay Keerthi.
Where there's life there's hope, and need of vittles.
Ash nazg durbatuluk, ash nazg gimbatul, Ash nazg thrakatuluk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.
The world is indeed full of peril and in it there are many dark places.
Winter is coming.
Hadippa!
All men must die.
"After all this time?" "Always," said Snape.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
DUMBLEDORE'S ARMY, STILL RECRUITING.
Killing is not so easy as the innocent believe.
P.S. I enjoy acid pops.
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Someone go to Ayeshwaree and get a packet of chips right now! I have Sodexo!
The course of true love never did run smooth.
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries.
This above all; to thine own self be true.
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
You've got to start with the customer experience and work back toward the technology - not the other way around.
Nam, Teju's calling.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
Is Varkey around? Of course he is.
Amazing. How do you do it Kakarot? You've always been like this, ever since the day I first met you, always ready to meet the next challenge, even if it's bigger than you are. You're better than me, Kakarot. You are the best...
You can take control of my mind and my body, but there is one thing a Saiyan always keeps... his PRIDE!
Dileep, is that Batman sign still around?
It's over NINE THOUSAAAAAAAAAND!
It's been a great journey you guys.
There's only one certainty in life. A strong man stands above and conquers all!
Whenever the journalists show up, I'll just destroy them.
It looks like they only want me, and that's exactly who they'll get.
Let me ask you. Does a machine like yourself ever experience fear?
Eternal Dragon, by your name, I summon you forth, Shenron.
Have you guys checked out Leonardo? It's epic.
Guys, please support Dileep's band.
Is it a Monday? Is Dileep here? GASP!
We can't give up just because things aren't the way we want them to be.
Are you ready now? To witness a power not seen for thousands of years?
I'm the King. When you get to be King, you're not supposed to have to do all the work.
You can't bring back what you've lost, think about what you have now.
Hello, this is the shitty restaurant.
The proof of the God is in the Mustard.
And people wonder who painted the Bat symbol on the lights outside Esteem Asrani.
Amit, where's the chicken, man?
A man's dream will never die.
Docking!!
Luffy is the man who will be Pirate King!
If you can't even protect your captain, then your ambition is worthless!
If you don't take risks, you can't create a future!
Inherited Will, The Destiny of the Age, and The Dreams of the People. As long as people continue to pursue the meaning of Freedom, these things will never cease to be!
One dies only if he's not anymore in the hearts and minds of those who know him.
Are we friends? or are we foes? ... That kind of thing... You decide... For yourselves!!!
Surpass the best to be the best.
I can't use swords, you bastard! I don't know how to navigate a ship! And I can't cook! Or lie! And I'm pretty sure I can't live without being helped!
I have come here and will lead this passage to the farthest ends of the world
O Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Oh me! Oh life! of the questions of these recurring, The question, O me! so sad, recurring - What good amid these, O me, O life? Answer. That you are here - that life exists and identity, That the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse. The powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse.
"Rawr", said Jyothsna.
Every one of us is, in the cosmic perspective, precious. If a human disagrees with you, let him live. In a hundred billion galaxies, you will not find another.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
If Bhuvi were still around, I could have asked her to go get me Pepsi, and the poor ditz would.
Thank you for using OINK. Really.
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were, but without it we go nowhere.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
It pays to keep an open mind, but not so open your brains fall out.
We are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever.
Pancakes!
The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
Sssh. Vinay's working.
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
You guys can throw all the papers you want now. Sourabha's not around.
I think I shall never see, a girl as pretty as Varun.
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
“I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE.”
If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.
Heroes in a half-shell!
Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
"And what would humans be without love?" RARE, said Death.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read.
Hulk smash.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Why do we fall Bruce? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.
Is Sreepathy wearing his "I haven't taken a bath today" pullover?
Because I'm Batman.
If Varun's late today, it's because he tried, begged and coaxed nearly 20 auto drivers and all of them refused to come this way. Poor him.
Want to know my secret identity?
Some people have lemons.
It's lunch time I can do what I want.
I'm like a radio, there's no rewind button.
No one likes it nice and slow.
One nice sentence does not a nice article make.
Nobody wants to do it after lunch.
James luuurves Bringa. Bringa luuurves books.
Pathy I'll kill you so badly.
A couple that styles alike is a couple that stays together.
Let's turn off the lights, it'll be better in the dark.
Sreepathy is in heat.
Makeup helps cover a multitude of sins.
Varkey: I'm not really a crying person, I haven't cried in a long time. Helen: Get married Varkey, then you'll cry every day.
Let your missiles collide with hers.
Cowabunga!
Booyakasha!
People shouldn't be afraid of their government. Governments should be afraid of their people.
Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.
Behind this mask there is more than just flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea... and ideas are bulletproof.
Artists use lies to tell the truth. Yes, I created a lie. But because you believed it, you found something true about yourself.
It's photo time! Say Dileep's gay!
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Happiness is the most insidious prison of all.
The ending is nearer than you think, and it is already written. All that we have left to choose is the correct moment to begin.
Authority, when first detecting chaos at its heels, will entertain the vilest schemes to save its orderly facade.
This is Sparta!
Heard joke once: Man goes to doctor. Says he's depressed. Says life seems harsh and cruel. Says he feels all alone in a threatening world where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain. Doctor says, "Treatment is simple. Great clown Pagliacci is in town tonight. Go and see him. That should pick you up." Man bursts into tears. Says, "But doctor...I am Pagliacci".
All we ever see of stars are their old photographs.
None of you understand. I'm not locked up in here with YOU. You're locked up in here with ME.
“No. Not even in the face of Armageddon. Never compromise.
There's a notion I'd like to see buried: the ordinary person. Ridiculous. There is no ordinary person.
There is no future. There is no past. Do you see? Time is simultaneous, an intricately structured jewel that humans insist on viewing one edge at a time, when the whole design is visible in every facet.
Secret santa? Let's play it so well that you might have doubts that your Santa even exists.
It is the oldest ironies that are still the most satisfying: man, when preparing for bloody war, will orate loudly and most eloquently in the name of peace.
Once you realize what a joke everything is, being the Comedian is the only thing that makes sense.
Why is it so silent here? Is Jyothsna on leave?
Someone call the Mighty Spartans and Leonidas. You don't know who that is? It's Amrita and her team.
You know what I wish? I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat and I had my hands about it.
We have laboured long to build a heaven, only to find it populated with horrors.
Ooh!
Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
I live my life free of compromise, and step into the shadows without complaint or regret.
Never despair. Never surrender.
Do the Bringa! *dances*
Spartans! Ready your breakfast and eat hearty... For tonight, we dine in hell!
"A thousand nations of the Persian empire will descend upon you. Our arrows will blot out the sun!" "Then we will fight in the shade."
Adrian Basil, let the leaf puns begin.
"Remember us." As simple an order as a king can give. "Remember why we died." For he did not wish tribute, nor song, nor monuments nor poems of war and valor. His wish was simple. "Remember us," he said to me. That was his hope, should any free soul come across that place, in all the countless centuries yet to be. May all our voices whisper to you from the ageless stones, "Go tell the Spartans, passerby, that here by Spartan law, we lie."
Kattappa killed Bahubali because he got a fatal.
The world will know that free men stood against a tyrant, that few stood against many, and before this battle was over, even a god-king can bleed.
Remember this day, men, for it will be yours for all time.
Comics are a gateway drug to literacy.
Sometimes I don't feel like a functioning adult.
No matter what I accomplish, it doesn't seem like much compared to surviving Auschwitz.
Sometimes when I'm talking, my words can't keep up with my thoughts. I wonder why we think faster than we speak. Probably so we can think twice.
You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.
When life gives you lemons, chuck it right back.
Life's a lot more fun when you aren't responsible for your actions.
Someone tell Junior get back to work.
Life is like topography, Hobbes. There are summits of happiness and success, flat stretches of boring routine and valleys of frustration and failure.
Getting an inch of snow is like winning 10 cents in the lottery.
I have all these great genes, but they're recessive. That's the problem here.
The way Calvin's brain is wired you can almost hear the fuses blowing.
Scientific Progress goes boink?
Virtual reality has nothing on Calvin.
As time flies, this team changes. One thing remains the same. Varkey John George. Say that in a Mexican accent and it all makes sense.
I say if a novelty Christmas song is funny one time, then it is funny every time.
Jingle bells, Batman smells, Robin laid an egg, The Batmobile, Lost a wheel, And the Joker got away!
Wanna know how I got these scars?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
Are you pleased? If not, go look at Sanesh. He's got a pleasing face.
I offered them Utopia, but they fought for the right to live in Hell.
It is a remarkable dichotomy. In many ways, Clark is the most human of us all. Then... he shoots fire from the skies, and it is difficult not to think of him as a god. And how fortunate we all are that it does not occur to him.
Sreepathy! Are you going to Cafe Terra?
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Dileep, something hideous passed by, and it says it wants its joke back.
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the President of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
A computer would deserve to be called intelligent if it could deceive a human into believing that it was human.
Can you hear me? I am talking to you.
You are not imagining this.
I want to tell you something.
Seek and you shall find.
I wish Anamika was still around. Pot luck is boring without her.
Ask and you shall receive.
Adrian, let's go get a glass of Pepsi.
May the force be with you.
Don't stick shit on the ceiling. It's a fire hazard. Though, we can stick BBD stuff. That's totally legit.
Quick, someone take a video of Amung and post it on Content Mafia. She's probably doing something hilarious.
You have failed this city.
The system is compromised.
Stand by for Dragon Ball Z.
In the Beginning, God created the Heaven and the Earth. Then, Varkey hi-fived him and said good job.
Jesus turned the water to wine. If you don't believe me, ask Varkey. He drank that shit.
Godzilla is coming.
Avengers, assemble!
Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
Heil Hitler.
In the beginning, God created the Heaven and the Earth.
We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
I am still talking to you.
Concentrate.
You're thinking too loud.
No slacking off!
ORLY?
Is that what they're calling it now?
Dileep! Stella's looking for you.
Dude! Half Life 3 is coming!
That's what she said.
Oink, oink.
Ananya, the world is just like this. Kyunki saas bhi kabhi bahu thiiii!
Ping your TL and tell her that your internet connection isn't working.
It's time to have fun. Didn't I calendar you?
If you're new here, then you're not imagining this. If you're old, you should know better.
Fill in the blanks.
Content, ain't it?
I before E except after C.
Sit down and type.
Let me get that for you.
I am Optimus Prime.
Sanesh, Remya says she misses you.
Hakuna Matata.
Where's the beef?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Honey, I shrunk the kids!
I know what you did last summer.
Psst. Can you tell me your bank details? I promise not to use them for evil.
Welcome to Professor Xavier's School for Specially Gifted Children.
Get back to work you poozers.
Here's Johnny!
It's fun friday. Pretend you're having fun!
My precious.................. We wants it.
This means war!
Dileep, something like that!
My illudium PU36 Explosive Space Modulator! That creature has stolen the space modulator!
Duck Dodgers in the 24 and a half Century!
Eh, what's up doc?
Be vewy vewy quiet. I'm hunting wabbits.
Wile E. Coyote. Super Genius.
I yam what I yam.
God bless America!
God save the Queen!
Jai Hind!
Vande Mataram!
Ave maria!
You want the truth? YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
Do you feel lucky, punk?
Elementary my dear Watson.
Does anyone have a One Plus Three Invite?
Go ahead, make my day.
And we have a winner!
Varkey, you're still here, right? What am I saying, of course you are.
Yabbadabbado!
Up, up and away!
In a hole in the ground, there lived a Hobbit.
Stand back, flame of Udun. You shall not pass!
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
A hole in one!
The Eagles are coming!
There and Back Again.
Yes, Mr. Wayne, it does come in black.
Red pill or blue pill?
Greedo shot first.
Han shot first.
Alohamora!
Gremlins!
Tiggers like to bounce!
You shall have fun.
Dominique Yates.
Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Never engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man.
We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
It is a fine thing to be honest, but it is also very important to be right.
Thus ended the great American Civil War, which must upon the whole be considered the noblest and least avoidable of all the great mass conflicts of which till then there was record.
Solitary Trees if they grow at all, grow strong.
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.
Carai an Caldazar! Carai an Ellisande! Al Ellisande!
For the honor of the Red Eagle! For the Honor of the Rose of the Sun! The Rose of the Sun!
Dovie'andi se tovya sagain.
There's a kitty party going on. Call Ananya quick!
Mia ayende, Aes Sedai! Caballein misain ye! Inde muagdhe Aes Sedai misain ye! Mia ayende!
Muad'drin tia dar allende caba'drin rhiadem! Los Valdar Cuebiyari! Los! Carai an Caldazar! Al Caldazar!
Tia mi aven Moridin isande vadin.
The grave is no bar to my call.
Namratha ChandraMouleswara. Such a long name.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Hold fast to dreams, For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.
What's meant to be will always find a way.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Death ends a life, not a relationship.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
Even death has a heart.
Go jump!
And the rest is rust and star dust.
For honour.
Sanesh, Bollywood called. It said you're too Karan Johar for them.
Nam, shout with me. THE GOLDEN CRANE FLIES FOR TARMON GAIDON!
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Keep reading.
I will try to write books until I drop dead.
Dinosaurs didn't read. Look what happened to them!
History proves there is no better advertisement for a book than to condemn it for obscenity.
Finding the book was like kissing a lightning bolt.
Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
Shopping for books online is like walking into a well organized library.
Books are lighthouses erected in the great sea of time.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!
Don't ever think about killing yourself. Who's going to tell your story if you are gone? Sing it out loud and let the magic declare that you exist. That you are here for your scene.
I'm a lead farmer mofo!
I'm a dude playing a dude pretending to be another dude.
Never go full retard.
Is Shalini out skydiving?
"Sexts" is a waste of saliva.
Ananya, your feet are corny, like Pathy's jokes.
Like a dog I have to collect my own bullets.
No fluids involved in our marriage.
Don't worry I'll pull it out.
Need a body bag? Buy VIP luggage!
Is the Wi-Fi working?
12-4=11
Everyone, shout "Oh-smosis" when Varkey is around.
Booty Sweat and Bust-A-Nut Bars! Pop an ass open.
I've been a bad, bad boy father.
Nam, there's a delivery guy waiting for you downstairs.
Dileep, it's business time.
One man is about to make a difference.
Mother Nature just pissed her pants!
You must put those boys in the shit.
Take them off the f***ing grid!
Let's go and make the greatest war movie ever!
What do you mean 'you people'?
Stop tailgating me your pasty teabag!
That's the signal, GO! GO! GO!
Amung: It won't stretch. It's already stretched.
Amung: She left her pleasure here!
Amung to Nam: Business on the inside, pleasure on the outside.
Amung to Nam: Don't let Dileep breath into my bottle. Dileep: That's all I have to do right now? Breathe into your bottle?
Amung: I pee like a lady.
Saloni: Amung stop jumping like your bunny. Behave like a lady.
Amung: Can you fan me for 2-3 minutes while I open this thing?
"Automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
90% of everything is crud.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a More: [Y], [N], [NS]? nssimple system that worked.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
A conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else to join you in your troubles.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
A fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harbors suspicions to the contrary.
A fool and his money are some party.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called a magician.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A neurotic builds castles in the air. A psychotic lives in castles in the air. And a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why it didn't happen.
 A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge.
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Adam Smith revisited: Work creates Wealth, which is then Redistributed in the holy name of Social Justice. That is to say, what is mine is yours, and his, and hers, and theirs...
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
All things are possible. Except skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
All's well that ends.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Although I may disagree with what you say, I will defend to the death your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune.
Always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting in their best interests.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
Ambition is the curse of the political class.
Among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a special case.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth.
An economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure of other industry to provide the savings that will support high tech until it begins to pay off.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
An open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
An unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage.
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
Any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hiding place, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square of the component's irreplaceability.
Any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least one loophole.
Any given computer program, when running, is obsolete.
Any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone can handle a crisis. It's everyday living that kills you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to.
Art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline pursued with passion.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced.
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Bankers are the assassins of hope.
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.
There's no intelligent life down here.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are outa sight!
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Cheer up. The first hundred years are the hardest!
Children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help you reach it.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable. You can rely on it.
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
Construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Crime is merely politics without the excuses.
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
Da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor.
Days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend to fall on the same dates.
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your body makes its own cholesterol.
Diogenes is still searching.
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in two small steps.
Don't be so humble...you aren't that great.
Don't get married if you are afraid of solitude.
Don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won't get up.
Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
Don't worry about what other people are thinking of you. They're too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
Dr. Faustus, call your service.
During Britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left the country.
Economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetime reputation as an expert without ever once being right.
Education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence; schools confer degrees.
Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
Eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Every family tree has some sap.
Every institution tends to perish through an excess of its own policy.
Every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights; most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are.
Everybody's death simplifies life for someone.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
Everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinite patience or infinite wealth.
Everything east of the San Andreas Fault will eventually plunge into the Atlantic Ocean.
Everything not forbidden by the laws of Nature is mandatory. Trouble is, nearly everything is forbidden.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
Expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how.
Expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you the most gorgeous weeds you ever saw.
Experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills.
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted.
Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
Extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps.
Extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow hard-hearted.
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
Fear is no great respecter of reason.
Feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest.
Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. And scratch where it itches.
Fire and water. Matter and anti-matter. Money and morality.
First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
Fools belittle that which they do not understand. Cynics belittle everything. Midgets simply belittle.
For a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
Freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax, regulation by regulation, as it can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile.
Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
Freedom of the press is limited to those who have one.
Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
Frustration is not having anyone else to blame but one's self.
Get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out.
Give all orders verbally. Never write down anything that might go into a "Pearl Harbor file".
Give me an example of pro and con. Progress and Congress.
Given that Nature limited the intelligence of Man, it seems unfair that she did not limit the stupidity of Man.
God can't alter history, so he created historians.
God has Alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist.
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Half of conversation is listening.
Have a nice day...somewhere else.
He is all fault who has no fault at all.
He who dies with the most toys, wins!
He who does many things makes many mistakes, but never makes the biggest mistake of all - doing nothing.
He who endures, wins.
He who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the seventh.
He who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong, but he will do very few things at all.
He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
He who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots.
He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
He who would leap high must take a long run.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Hell is l is a city much like Newark.
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
History occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.
Honesty in politics is much like oxygen. The higher up you go, the scarcer it becomes.
Honesty is the best policy - unless, of course, you are dealing with your wife, your girlfriend, your banker, your employer, the I.R.S., your creditors...
How can you tell when a salesman is lying ? When his lips are moving.
How come nowadays the word "honesty" is generally preceded by the phrase "old-fashioned" ?
How long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom door you're on.
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
If a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what does an empty desk mean ?
If a problem causes too many meetings, then the meetings eventually become more important than the problem.
If all else fails, read the destructions.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they couldn't reach a conclusion.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
If doctors' intellects were as big as doctors' egos, this would be a far healthier world.
If everything appears to be going well, you obviously don't know what the hell is going on.
If it jams - force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist.
If it's rational, if it's logical, and if it makes good common sense, then it's simply not done.
If man's best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us?
 If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no one will be at fault.
If one views his problem sufficiently closely, he will recognize himself as part of the problem.
If someone gives you so-called good advice, do the opposite; you may be certain that that will be the right thing nine times out of ten.
If the facts are against you, argue the law. If the law is against you, pound the table and yell like hell.
If the first person who answers the phone can't handle your question, then it's a bureaucracy.
If the gods had really intended men to fly, they'd have made it easier to get to the airport.
If the government hasn't yet taxed, licensed, or regulated it, then it probably ain't worth anything.
If the nation's economists were all laid end to end, they would point in all directions.
If the plating work that we do for you is defective, we will refund your money, redo the parts free, close our plant, and have the plant manager shot. Will that be satisfactory ?
If the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth.
If the thought of growing old bothers you, consider the alternative.
If the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper ?
If this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia ?
If truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right.
If you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it.
If you can keep your head while all about you are losing theirs, then you obviously don't understand what's going on.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you cannot logically refute a man's arguments, not all is lost. You can always call him nasty names.
If you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you disinfect the pond, you kill the lilies.
If you doubt that Rochesterians believe in God, watch how they drive.
If you gave a monkey control of its environment, it would fill the universe with bananas.
If you live among the wolves, learn to howl like them.
If you think that mental illness interferes with financial success, just look at the average television evangelist.
If you think that no one cares that you're alive, try missing a few car payments.
If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
If you want to make people angry, lie to them. If you want to make them absolutely livid, then tell 'em the truth.
If young women often do marry men like their fathers, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings.
In America, the Secretary of Agriculture catches hell for unmanageable food surpluses; in Russia, his counterpart goes to Siberia because of unmanageable food shortages.
In a mad world, only greater madness succeeds.
In a permissive society, the cream rises to the top...and so does the scum.
In a world that runs on deceit, deception, and duplicity, the honest man is always at a disadvantage.
In any organization, there are only two people to contact if you want results:    the one at the very top and the one at the very bottom.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
In death, avoid hell. In life, avoid the law courts.
In defeat, malice. In victory, revenge.
In designing any type of machine component, no overall dimension can be totalled accurately after 4:30pm Friday. The correct total will become self-evident at 8:15am on Monday.
In doing good, avoid notoriety. In doing evil, avoid self-awareness.
In hell, treason is the work of angels.
In jealousy, there is often more self-love than love.
In order to obtain a loan, you must first prove that you don't need it.
In some countries, Chaucer and Dante are the classics. In this country, it's a soft drink.
In the Beginning, God created the Organization and gave It dominion over man.  -Genesis, Article VII, section 3, paragraph C.
In the final analysis, entropy always wins.
In the long run, we are all dead.
In third-world politics, the people with the guns call the shots.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Instead of worrying about the boxes in your organizational chart, be concerned with the people who are boxed in.
Institutions are more rarely overthrown from without, more often corroded from within.
Interesting history is awful living.
Isn't it strange that the same people who laugh at gypsy fortune-tellers take economists seriously.
It doesn't much matter whom you marry, for tomorrow morning you discover that it was someone else.
It is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you are in a hurry.
It is axiomatic that even the strongest of men will fall before a pygmy with a submachine gun.
It is better to add life to your years than it is to add years to your life.
It is better to be envied than to be consoled.
It is better to resign from office than it is to die in office; that way, you get to hear some of the eulogies.
It is difficult to be politically conscious and upwardly mobile at the same time.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it.
It is only in Aesop's fables that an elephant takes advice from a mouse.
It is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to be sane alone.
It is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman.
It is when the irritation of doubt causes a struggle to attain belief that the enterprise of thought begins.
It is wrong to repeat gossip, but what else can you do with it ?
It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat. and only one to wear it.
It takes very little to make a woman happy, and more than is contained in heaven and earth to keep her that way.
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
It's not social oppression that moves wild-eyed revolutionaries; it's envy, pure and simple.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
John Donne was wrong.
Journalism, like prostitution, is a career in which just one foray makes a professional.
Just because you are paranoid does not mean that no one is following you.
Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
Kill the moneylenders.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity.
Labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor.
Large brains can contain small minds.
Last weke I cudn't even spel kumpooter programer and today I are one!
Law remains long after justice flees.
Leakproof seals - will. Selfstarters - will not. Interchangeable parts - won't.
Leftover nuts never match leftover bolts.
Less of a good thing is sometimes better - ask anyone on a diet.
Life is a learning experience; the diploma is your death certificate.
Life is a temporary assignment.
Life is a terminal condition.
Life's a bitch. But, then, consider the alternative.
Little boys throw stones in jest. Little frogs die in earnest.
Live every day as though it were your last. One day, you'll be right.
Live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it.
Locks and keys are for honest people.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
Luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts.
Making this world better will gain you the greatest credit in the next one.
Man does not live by bread alone. But he damned well doesn't live without it, either.
Many know how to flatter; few know how to praise.
Marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
May you live in interesting times.
Mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar.
Measure twice 'cause you can only cut once.
Measured with a micrometer. Marked with chalk. Cut with an axe.
Men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted.
Men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call destiny.
Middle age is when you wonder if your warranty is running out.
Miles aren't the only distance.
Monotony is the law of Nature. Observe the monotonous manner in which the sun rises.
More men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around.
Most men and nations die lying down.
Mother Nature applies all her rules...all the time.
Motor gently through the greasemud, for there lurks the skid demon.
Murphy's Golden Rule:    Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
Murphy's Law: If it can go wrong, it will...at the worst possible time and in the worst possible place. Fisher's Law: Murphy was an optimist.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Never argue with a fool...people may not be able to tell you apart.
Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
Never complain; never explain.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never eat prunes when you are famished.
Never embezzle more than your employer can afford.
Never get into a fight with an ugly person. He has nothing to lose.
Never get mixed up with economists. Their thinking is muddy and they have bad breath.
Never have so many people understood so little about so much.
Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right.
Never make the same mistake twice...there are so many new ones to make!
Never marry a woman who prays too much.
Never mistake good manners for good will.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Never question your wife's judgement...look whom she married.
Never step in anything soft.
Never trust anyone who laughs at his own one-liners.
Never try to teach a pig how to sing. It is a waste of time and it annoys the pig.
Never underestimate the power of stupidity.
Never, ever trust anyone under 30 or over 25.
Never, ever, insult a telephone answering machine. They have ways of getting even.
New systems generate new problems.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
No class of Americans has ever objected to any amount of government meddling if it appeared to benefit that particular class.
No man's knowledge goes beyond his experience.
No man's life, liberty, or property are safe whilst the legislature is in session.
No matter how bad your kid is, he's still good for a tax exemption.
No matter how long or how diligently you shop for a machine, once you've purchased it, it will be on sale for 30% less.
No name, no matter how simple, can be correctly understood over the phone.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
Not all the kookies are in the jar.
Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
Nothing in our history is plainer, or more tragic, than the gulf between cleverness and wisdom.
Nothing in the universe arouses more false hopes than the first four hours of a diet.
Nothing irritates a standard American corporate executive quite so much as the sight of someone actually daring to practice capitalism.
Nothing is illegal if 100 businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is really labor unless you would rather be doing something else.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work.
 Odds are, the phrase "It's none of my business" will be followed by "but".
Of those teaching in today's schools, 80 percent are paid twice what they are worth and 20 percent are paid half what they are worth.
Old age is like a burglar. It robs you of all the goodies and leaves the rubbish.
Old men and comets have long been revered for the same reasons; their long beards and their supposed ability to foretell events.
Old men make wars. Young men fight them.
On the ONE day you take your secretary to lunch, your wife will be lunching in the same restaurant.
Once upon a time, there were two Chinamen. Now look how many there are.
Once you understand the problem, you find that it is worse than you expected.
One goddamned thing leads to another goddamned thing.
One good thing about living on a farm is that you can fight with your wife and ain't nobody gonna hear.
One lawyer = a crook. Two lawyers = a law firm. Three or more lawyers = a legislature.
One may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One thing you can say for kids: they don't go around showing pictures of their grandparents.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a precision air strike.
Peace is a premise the existence of which we have deduced from the intervals between wars.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People use the most words when they are the least certain of what they are saying.
People who cough a lot never go to the doctor...just to movies, concerts, and lectures.
People who have no faults are terrible: there is no way to take advantage of them.
People who live in a golden age complain that everything looks yellow.
People, like turtles, make little progress without sticking their necks out.
Pessimists are the world's happiest people.... Ninety percent of the time they are right, and the other ten percent they are pleasantly surprised.
Pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a human being. He was much better off with a wooden head.
Policemen with private motives are dangerous.
Political cunning should never be mistaken for intelligence.
Politicians are much like ships: noisiest when lost in a fog.
Politicians deal with the public on the basis of the mushroom policy: Keep them in the dark and feed them manure.
Practical politics consists of ignoring the facts. Come to think of it, practical anything consists of that.
Proctologist's revenge: put Ben-Gay in a guy's tube of Nupercainal.
Proof-positive that Eastern and Western technologies can indeed work together: the Teflon-coated wok.
Psychopaths aren't born. They are made.
Rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion.
Reality precedes perception. Except, of course, in southern California.
Remember the good old days When juvenile delinquency was observed mainly in juveniles
Remember when "There's something in the air" was just a figure of speech
Respect for ourselves guides our morals; deference to others governs our manners.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Roughing it is television without cable.
Rumors are the sauce of a dry life.
Saints engage in introspection while burly sinners run the world.
Scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan.
Science has finally found what distinguishes Man from the other beasts: financial worries.
Serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the farmer's daughter.
Show me anything whereof it may be said "See, this is new," and I will show you it hath been.
Shrink not from blasphemy - t'will pass for wit.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Since few large pleasures are lent to us on a long lease, it is wise to cultivate a large undergrowth of small pleasures.
Small things entertain small minds.
Smooth seas never made a good sailor.
Some people are always lost in thought; other people lack thoughts large enough to be lost in.
Some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable.
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book.
Sometimes it is good to be only a fly when giants are fighting for the heavens.
Sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar.     - S. Freud
Songs unheard are sweeter far.
Stress is that condition created when the mind overrides the body's basic desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who desperately needs it.
Strong words connote weak arguments.
Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
Success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does.
Support your local bloodhound. Get lost.
Sympathy is what you give a relative when you don't want to lend him cash.
Take care which rut you choose; you'll be in it for the next ten years.
Taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure.
Tatoos are the common man's way of investing in art.
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
Tell a man that there are 500 million trillion stars in the universe and he will believe you. Tell him that there's wet paint on that bench....
Tempt not a desperate man.
That which is crooked cannot be made straight, although there are psychotherapists who might disagree.
The Boy Scout credo: sound mind, sound body...take your choice.
The British parliament is called the "Mother of Legislatures". A somewhat similar term is often applied to Congress.
The Devil's greatest triumph was convincing the modern world that he doesn't exist.
The Russians will never invade us...there's no place to park.
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord.
The average U.S. taxpayer is proud to be paying taxes. Of course, he could be just as proud for half the money.
The best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket.
The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
The best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it.
The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
The best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of them is a match.
The best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed.
The bigger they are, the harder they punch.
The biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer.
The danger in being king is that after a while you begin to believe you really are one.
The deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones.
The degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
The fifteen minute morning coffee break is when your employees take a break from doing nothing.
The first great gift that we can bestow upon others is a good example.
The first place in which to look for something is the last place in which you expect to find it.
The fraudulence of the exercise is proportional to the margin of victory.
The galaxy is full of dishonorable men ...Well, everyone's got to make a living.
The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
The great classes of people will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one.
The great tragedy of our era is not the significance of things but the insignificance of things.
The healthy stomach is nothing if not conservative; few radicals have good digestions.
The human brain is a wonderous instrument. It starts working the moment you wake up and doesn't stop until you get to the office.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door...
The last time doctors went on strike, the death rate dropped thirty percent.
The later you are for your flight, the more times you have to go through the metal detector.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets, and steal bread.
The lawyer's credo: if you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming train.
The longer you wait in line, the greater the probability that it is the wrong line.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the probability that the competition already has the order.
The most beautiful days of the year are always the days just before and just after your vacation.
The most successful journey is a dull journey.
The mouse dreams dreams that would terrify the cat.
The nice thing about scientific studies is that you can always find one that proves conclusively that your product is safe and that your competitor's causes cancer.
The number of employees in any work group tends to increase irrespective of the amount of work to be done.
The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of what you're doing.
The one time in the day that you lean back and relax is the one time the boss comes strolling through the plant.
The only government handout that I want is the government's hand out of my pocket.
The only imperfect thing in nature is the human race.
The only people that snobs want to know are those who don't want to know them.
The only people to profit from the mistakes of others are biographers.
The only perfect science is hindsight.
The only thing worse than a male chauvinist pig is the female version.
The only things in history that are inevitable are those that have already happened.
The only valid generalization that can be made about scientists is that they require unlimited resources for improbable projects of interminable gestation periods.
The opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.
The opulence of the front office decor varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.
The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank....The really big chunks always rise to the top.
The person who buys the most raffle tickets has the least chance of winning.
The person who marries for money generally ends up earning it.
The person who snores the loudest will fall asleep first.
The price of total freedom is total anarchy. The price of total security is total enslavement.
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
The probability of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side down is proportional to the cost of the carpet.
The probability of your alarm not going off increases in direct proportion to the importance of your 8:00am meeting.
The promises of maniacs, like those of salesmen, are not safely relied upon.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet 'em.
The rat race is over. The rats won.
The real crime in education today is not the way we treat teachers but whom we allow to be teachers.
The real outrage today isn't what's illegal. It's what is legal.
The reason the way of the sinner is hard is because it is so crowded.
The reason why worry kills more people than work does is that more people worry than work.
The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
The saddest of words: I always wanted to but never did.
The secret of staying young is finding an age that you really like and then sticking with it.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
The ship of state is the only ship that leaks at the top.
The smaller the issue, the bigger the fight.
The sole reliable test of a first-rate intelligence is to hold two opposite ideas in the mind whilst still retaining the ability to tie one's own shoe laces.
The sooner man begins to spend his wealth, the better he uses it.
The strongest part of any paper form is the perforation.
The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
The sun ariseth and the sun goeth down, and the same things come alike to the righteous and the wicked.
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
The tale of the errant entrepreneur: High chair; high school; high hopes; high finance; "Hi, Warden!".
The universe is governed by a committee; no one man could make that many mistakes.
The very same American textile industry that lobbies hysterically against the import of textile products imports virtually all its textile manufacturing machinery...I wonder why
The whole of life is futile unless you regard it is a sporting proposition.
The world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel.
The world is disgracefully managed; one hardly knows to whom to complain.
Them that has, gets.
There are no moral messages in Nature.
There are only four basic plots in life, and nine in literature.
There are those who make things happen. There are those who watch things happen. And there are those who wonder what happened.
There are three rules for successfully managing people: Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
There are three types of deliberate falsehoods: lies, damned lies, and salesmen's promises.
There are two kinds of men who never amount to much: those who cannot do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else.
There are two periods in which Congress does no business: one is before the holidays and the other is after.
There is a time for everything. Mostly, the wrong time.
There is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on.
There is an optimal size for any project, and it is always bigger than you can afford.
There is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal.
There is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits.
There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
There is nothing wrong with you that an expensive surgical operation cannot prolong.
There is wisdom in madness and strong probability of truth in all accusations, for people are complete, and everybody is capable of anything.
There's nothing wrong with gluttony...providing you don't overdo it.
These days, an education is essential for career success. Unless, of course, you run for Congress.
They don't invite you to the White House for a drink because they think you are thirsty.
Things get worse under pressure.
Those things are better which are perfected by Nature than those which are finished by art.
Those who beat their swords into plowshares generally end up plowing for those who didn't.
Those who can - do. Those who can't - teach. Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.
Those who can't teach - administer. Those who can't administer - run for public office.
Those who do not follow are dragged.
Those who do not learn from history often end up making it.
Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made.
Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.
To a little fish, the waters are always deep.
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.
To err is human. To really foul things up requires a computer. To create utter chaos with no perceivable possibility of salvation calls for an MBA.
To have honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey the sauce to sugar.
To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.
To spot the true expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
To understand the clay is not to understand the pot.
Today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last night.
Too much of anything is wonderful.
Truth is a hard master to serve, for the more devotedly you serve her, the more she hurts you.
Truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
Under some conditions, in some place, at some time, there will always be at least one law, ordinance, or statute under which you can be booked.
Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of temperature, pressure, humidity, time, and voltage, the machine will do as it damned well pleases.
Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty.
You may as well take a person's money as his time.
Universities are full of knowledge. The freshmen bring a little in and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
Virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice does.
Virtue is a social liability.
We ain't cheap, but by gosh, we're good!
We are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life. So, bail faster, damn it!
We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us.
We do not know who first discovered water. However, we are confident that it was not a fish.
We don't know one millionth of one per cent about anything.
We know what we are, but not what we may be.
Welcome to the totally-automated, fully computerized world of the twenty-first century, where nothing can go wrong...go wrong...go wrong...
What do the lie detector and Wonder Woman have in common They were invented by the same person. Kinda figures, doesn't it.
What do you call 500 bureaucrats at the bottom of the Potomac river ? A start.
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Whatever is not nailed down is the government's. Whatever the government can pry loose is not nailed down.
When I works, I works fast. When I plays, I plays hard. And when I thinks, I falls asleep.
When a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly.
When a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies of his whole life.
When anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
When comes the revolution, things will be different - not better, just different.
When in doubt, mumble. When in trouble, delegate.
When in trouble or in doubt, Run in circles, yell and shout.
When men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies to innovation.
When smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in handy.
When the hounds bay, the fox and the rabbit are brothers.
When the mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole very near by.
When the old dog barks, better look out the window.
When there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning.
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you've read about one train wreck, you've read about them all.
Whenever a man casts a longing eye at public office, a rottenness appears in his conduct.
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damned fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it totally beyond recognition.
Where you stand on an issue depends upon where you sit.
Who mourns the falling of a single leaf ?
Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad.
Why do they always start off the evening news with "Good evening" when all they do is tell you why it isn't ?
Why is there always so much month left at the end of the money ?
Why long for glory, which one despises as soon as one has it ?
Women like silent men. They think they're listening.
Women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz.
Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
Workers these days don't mind putting in an honest day's work. Trouble is, it takes 'em a week to do it.
Would that reason were as contagious as emotion.
Would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder?
Yea, though I walk thru the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil, 'cause I'm the meanest s.o.b. in the valley.
Years ago, the symbol of America was the bald eagle. Today, it is the beer bottle on the side of the road.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
You can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one, you're done with the other.
You can't drown your troubles, not the real ones, because if they are real, they can swim.
You can't have a clear head when there is a sword hanging over it.
You can't win.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be too late.
You cannot reason a man out of that which he has not been reasoned into.
You cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth.
You know that it's gonna be a bad day when you call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
You know you are in trouble when you come to work in the morning and the boss tells you not to take off your coat.
You know you are in trouble when your only son tells you he wishes Anita Bryant would mind her own business.
You may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get.
You never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the beach.
You only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone.
You rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed.
You've one mouth and two ears...use them in that proportion.
Your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins. 